Refactor: Azure Stack HCI Cluster (#9779)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/stack_hci_cluster.html.markdown

  name                = "example-cluster"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  client_id           = data.azuread_application.example.application_id
  tenant_id           = data.azurerm_client_config.current.tenant_id
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Azure Stack HCI Cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Azure Stack HCI Cluster should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Azure Stack HCI Cluster should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `client_id` - (Required) The Client ID of the Azure Active Directory which is used by the Azure Stack HCI Cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tenant_id` - (Optional) The Tenant ID of the Azure Active Directory which is used by the Azure Stack HCI Cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> ~> **NOTE** By default, the `tenant_id` would be sourced from the `ARM_TENANT_ID` Environment Variable.

Reviewer: Not all users use service principals, so this wants to be:

```suggestion
~> **NOTE** If unspecified the Tenant ID of the Provider will be used.
```
